okay you YouTube detective I've got a
bunch of riddles for you to solve let's
see how high you'll score in the end you
get one point for each cracked riddle
and seven seconds to figure out the
answer
mark this guy here is a health inspector
and went to a restaurant for an
evaluation after seeing how dirty the
kitchen was he shut it down he told the
owner he'll open it once everything was
clean in the evening the owner sent a
photo to the inspector of the clean
kitchen but mark knew the owner was
lying how the picture was photoshopped
there's a small smudge on the floor from
the blending Jenny and Dan went on a
camping trip in the desert on their way
back the car broke down Dan called the
police but his phone shut off
immediately the police knew Jenny and
Dan were in the desert but didn't know
their exact location in the trunk Jenny
and Dan had five items their tent a
large rope a pair of batteries a lunch
box and matches which two items will
help show their location
[Music]
they should use the matches to set the
rope on fire John was walking down the
street with his phone in his hand
suddenly a disguised figure ran and
snatched his phone from him he tried
chasing the thief but they vanished in
the park John found three people in the
park and asked what they saw Sean said
he was blind and couldn't see anything
but he heard someone running Emma said
someone took her phone earlier - and she
was looking for them for an hour Robert
was a jogger and he said he just sat
down to take a breath and didn't see
anything John immediately knew who was
lying
[Music]
it was Emma John never said his phone
was taken Stuart was trying to impress
his new colleagues with some old stories
he told them about his adventurous
expedition in the Arctic when he got
lost and had to survive eating penguin
eggs one of his colleagues didn't
believe him why there are no Penguins in
the Arctic Mary woke up in the basement
of a crazy scientist he told her he'd
let her go only if she cracked his
tricky riddle three doors appeared in
front of her the first went to a jungle
filled with venomous snakes and spiders
the second led to the icy oceans of
Austria where no creature could survive
the last would take her inside an active
volcano which way should she go
through the second door Austria is a
landlocked country it doesn't have an
ocean the police were after someone who
kept stealing expensive art from museums
they'd received a tip that he had been
attending a gallery opening their
mission was to figure out which art work
he would take they have three suspected
pieces but they only had one small
tracking device where should they place
it
[Music]
the goal painting is too big to carry
without anyone seeing him the necklace
has alarm sensors installed around it
they should put the tracker in the gold
vase Julie was sleeping when she hurts
someone fiddling in her jewelry drawer
when she opened her eyes she saw a dark
figure that disappeared as soon as she
turned the lights on she called the
detective and they checked the security
camera
it was also dark but they could see an
outline the police have six suspects in
mind can you spot the correct one
[Music]
it's number five his hair and mustache
our point here than the others a teacher
wanted to send one of her students on a
free camping trip in nature to pick the
best one
she made a test she gave all five
students identical seeds and told them
the person who would come back in three
months with the tallest tree will win
the prize when everyone came back she
gave the prize to the girl with the
empty pod why the kids were given fake
seeds the only honest person was the one
without a plant a businesswoman was at a
dinner party when she returned home she
saw that someone had broken into her
safe she immediately called the police
and they narrowed it down to three
suspects miele said that he and his wife
went to bed around 10:30 that night dave
had spent the evening at his friend's
house playing cards jack claimed he was
playing video games between midnight and
1:00 in the morning
the police immediately knew who broke in
can you figure it out it was Jack he was
being very specific about the time Anton
was taken to a weird prison where the
warden told him to pick his cell if he
chooses the correct one he'll be set
free if not he'll stay there forever the
first cell is made of wax but it's
filled with rats the other cell doesn't
have bars but he'll be attached to the
concrete by chains which one should he
pick
[Music]
the first cell he can use the candle to
melt the bars and escape Sally was on
her way to an early business meeting
when she discovered that her documents
had been stolen she suspected three
people in her office and questioned them
her assistant said she was making coffee
for everyone in the kitchen the
accountant said he was doing a
calculation review the office manager
said she went to the shop to buy coffee
because they ran out the night before
who is not telling the truth
[Music]
her assistant the manager said they ran
out of coffee the night before
mr. Smith called detective Bob to report
that someone broke into his jewelry shop
and stole the most expensive diamond mr.
Smith said the power went out and then
he heard the doorbell ring he went to
open the door and when he turned back
the diamond was gone the detective
immediately knew mr. Smith was lying Wow
[Music]
if the power was out the doorbell
couldn't have wrong
James was walking home when he was taken
by a wild chemist she brought him to her
basement to run experiments on him but
she gave him one chance to escape she
placed three apples in front of them all
of them were poisoned except for one
which one is safe to eat it's the one
with a little worm if the Apple had
poison in it the little creature
wouldn't survive sarah's dog vanished
during a major holiday when she called
the police the detectives interviewed
four of her neighbors Isabelle said she
was visiting her grandma at the hospital
Noah took his kids to play in the park
we'll took his dog for a long walk and
Emma went to the mall for some
last-minute holiday shopping immediately
the police knew who was lying
it was EMA shopping malls are closed
during the holidays yeah it's an old
riddle nowadays in the u.s. stores keep
selling right through the holidays Lily
went for a walk in the forest but got
lost she kept walking until she found a
cabin when she knocked on the door an
old man appeared and offered her an
extra room to sleep in he volunteered to
take her back to town the following day
as soon as she followed him inside she
knew that he wasn't human
how did she figure it out he didn't have
a shadow
Jason built a botanical garden filled
with flowers and hosted a party to
celebrate it when he looked for his wife
she was missing he called security at
the party and they interviewed three
suspects Steve said he was looking at
the unique frogs in the new pond
jenny was in the bathroom Donna was
taking pictures of the flowers in the
garden the security arrested Steve why
[Music]
Jason's garden only had flowers not
ponds or lakes for frogs by the way did
you see the documentary on frogs it was
riveting okay let's move on nick is a
treasure hunter and went to find some
diamonds in ancient tools he snuck in
through the entrance but was met with a
mysterious man guarding the gates Nick
can only pass through if he solves the
riddle if he doesn't the treasure will
disappear forever what has four legs but
can't walk Nick knew the answer can you
guess it
[Music]
it's the table Donald went home after
his fishing trip and he couldn't find
his girlfriend he called the police to
report her disappearance when Detective
Bob arrived at the scene he asked what
Donald was doing at that time he said he
went fishing in the lake and caught
Fortuna the detective knew that Donald
was lying how
[Music]
the tuna doesn't live in legs well it's
time for your results if you got 12 to
17 points it's your turn to think of the
smartest riddle and I'll add it to my
next riddle video if you got 7 to 11
points then you need to pay closer
attention to details for the one to six
point getters you should watch more of
my riddle videos to improve your
detective skills by now